fix(content): In the Remnant Key Stone mission, account for if you obtained a Hai keystone without meeting the Hai (#12277)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 1 introduction.txt

	
	label equipped
	`As you are walking through the spaceport, a man comes up to you and introduces himself as the manager of the local outfitter. He says, "I could not help but notice that you have a Key Stone that looks different from the ones from our mines. You may have noticed the red anomalies scattered within this region of space. What you may not have known is that these are wormholes, accessible only with the possession of a Quantum Key Stone. My people highly value these Key Stones because of this, but our mines produce very few of them. Have you found another world where these stones can be mined?"`

> 	branch "don't know"

Reviewer: Should this account for plundering a stone off of a Hai ship without ever doing their first contact?

	`	"That is understandable," he says. "I am a businessman and I understand how valuable certain trade secrets can be. But perhaps I can interest you in a mutually profitable endeavor?"`
		goto more
	
	label "don't know"
	choice
		`	"No. I plundered my stone off of a pirate, but I don't know where they got it from."`
			goto pirate
			to display
				has "Deep: Scientist Rescue 2: Pirate Bactrian: offered"
		`	"No. The stone I have is one of a kind. I have not been able to find another like it."`
			to display
				"outfit (all): Quantum Keystone" == 1

> 		`	"Sorry, but I can't say I do know where to find more of them."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		`	"Sorry, but I don't know where to find more of them."`
```
